Fix links (#36158)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/understanding_client-side_tools/package_management/index.md

For a package manager to work, it needs to know where to install packages from, and this comes in the form of a package registry. The registry is a central place where a package is published and thus can be installed from. npm, as well as being a package manager, is also the name of the most commonly-used package registry for JavaScript packages. The npm registry exists at [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/).

> npm is not the only option. You could manage your own package registry — products like [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) allow you to create proxies to the npm registry (so you can override or lock certain packages), [GitHub also offers a package registry service](https://github.com/features/actions), and there will be likely more options appearing as time goes on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm is not the only option. You could manage your own package registry — products like [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) allow you to create proxies to the npm registry (so you can override or lock certain packages), [GitHub also offers a package registry service](https://docs.github.com/en/packages), and there will be likely more options appearing as time goes on.
```
